[book] fix the cycle fallback section to match current code (#528)
salsa-rs/salsa: book/src/cycles/fallback.md

Panicking when a cycle occurs is ok for situations where you believe a cycle is impossible. But sometimes cycles can result from illegal user input and cannot be statically prevented. In these cases, you might prefer to gracefully recover from a cycle rather than panicking the entire query. Salsa supports that with the idea of *cycle recovery*.

To use cycle recovery, you annotate potential participants in the cycle with the `recovery_fn` argument to `#[salsa::tracked]`, e.g. `#[salsa::tracked(recovery_fn=my_recovery_fn)]`. When a cycle occurs, if any participant P has recovery information, then no panic occurs. Instead, the execution of P is aborted and P will execute the recovery function to generate its result. Participants in the cycle that do not have recovery information continue executing as normal, using this recovery result.

> The recovery function has a similar signature to a query function. It is given a reference to your database along with a `salsa::Cycle` describing the cycle that occurred and the input ingredient to the query that caused the cycle; it returns the result of the query. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recovery function has a similar signature to a query function. It is given a reference to your database along with a `salsa::Cycle` describing the cycle that occurred and the arguments to the tracked function that caused the cycle; it returns the result of the query. Example:
```

```rust
fn my_recover_fn(
    db: &dyn MyDatabase,
    cycle: &salsa::Cycle,

>     input: MyIngredient,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    arg1: T1,
    ...
    argN: TN,
```
